you
what's up guys Tom Harris here with
airsoft obsessed we're here at the Jag
precision booth I've got Brian hold here
and we're going to talk about some new
m4 rifles with some looks like some
trademarks there Brian if you would tell
us what we have okay what we have here
it's going to be a total of four options
that's awkward it's going to be four
options of black or tan short and long
it's going to be for licensed Knights SR
16 conjunction with Z shot nice arm in
airsoft and Echo one so you're going to
get a SR 16 body it's going to be a
nylon fiber so it's very lightweight
very durable you're going to get a metal
keymod it's going to come with the rails
as you see the flip up metal site and
rear sight most guns with a key mod do
not include the rail so you to spend
extra it's going to have a one-piece
metal barrel no set screws back here so
it's a true one piece very sturdy very
rigid echo 1 MK 1 mux flash hider where
that suppressed would go on there and
it's going to retail for around two
hundred dollars it's going to use a
version two gearbox 8ml bearing of
course madbull bucking so you have a
great accuracy and grouping and for
around two hundred dollars or so and it
should be out this year it's going to be
a great rifle so you have the long
version and the short version so the
short version can be about the 10 inch
length okay somewhere around there for
two hundred bucks I got to say holding
this thing right now that's a hell of a
deal you got the aluminum the aluminum
C&C you know your ex Knights rail with
all the key mods you know plus the echo
1 internals in there and the license in
when M plus the licensing for joyner
bucks that's a great deal so if you're
into the Knight's armament stuff check
this out and again any jag precision
dealers should be able to get this if
they don't stock it already and did you
say release date still waiting on paper
working everything but basically on our
side and see shot
like it's good to go so we're just
saying estimated at 2015 okay sometime
this year keep an eye out maybe follow
the echo one social media pages perhaps
and get all the updates and will
probably be sharing some news from them
as well on our pages so check that out
Knight's armament here from jag
precision 2015 thanks